July 6 in Kiev on Khreshchatyk of honor
peaceful day activists kiss
social movement Ukrainian choice
changed the chocolates for kisses kisses
not only pleasant but useful
kisses prolong life and increase
moods
let's see what we produce
from 60 musical groups from all
regions of Ukraine reached the final 12
most talented teams winner
the festival has become a group of coconuts scored
maximum number of votes
my name is ilya playing drums
group of coconuts
Alexander He plays the guitar and we sing
playing scales very music ska punk on
Screw appeared relatively recently
getting ready for our first then
concert and we didn't have a name from
names coconuts turned out when quite
spontaneously
the tonal is just very easy
remembered and everyone likes quote already
over prasad
hear the word coconut sat down for gets
some positive collect a lot
people are having a lot of fun
and massage
good no evil good song
mood is gaiety so our life on
actually speaking here is very fun
many different teams
thanks ukrainstva you choose completion
gala-concert were made by guests of the festival
rock band tabula rasa
wish love and let the music serve
just for the good of man let her
improves people mood let people
smiling
rich music program
the festival allowed to create an atmosphere
this holiday according to
festival organizers opened a lot
talented groups
who have a real chance to become
new stars of domestic stage
I want to congratulate everyone with all my heart
Ukrainians of all Russians of Belarusians of all
Slavs are generally residents of the globe
with today's holiday let's
kiss each other
let's live together let's love
neighbor and let us have everything
OK